CIA lawyers are arguing they can selectively release classified information to "trusted" "journalists" while withholding the same information from citizens who request it through open records law. The CIA wants to enslave the public to special approved media for information about our government.
@realDonaldTrump: I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Tucker Carlson: 'They Call It Gun Control But It’s Not --- It’s People Control' | Breitbart
Scalise: 'Don't Try to Promote Your Agenda in the Middle of a Tragedy' - 'One Magic Law' Won't Stop Shootings | Breitbart
Brian Williams sets Florida high school student up with a question to advocate gun control, student replies "I think it has to do with mental health."
The Media Stopped Reporting The Russia Collusion Story Because They Are Complicit
For all of Reddit trying to spin the Florida shooter into a radical right wing white supremacist.... Local law enforcement just shut that rumor down. UPDATE: Local law enforcement says NO TIES to white nationalist group...
Gun Control debate obliterated
Salon is claiming The_Donald, 4 Chan, and others are part of a "organized smear campaign." Next time can someone send me the campaign memo? I didn't get mine.
Liberal just outright saying you would be ok losing constitutional rights. These fucking people are clueless to the world we live in.
This is sad.
"Black Panther is basically Black Trump" LOLOLOL, the redpills that are gonna drop!!!
Steven King everyone, a fucking moron.
Reminder that the DNC hacked the election worse than any foreign country ever could have
In London, people get arrested for insulting the Islamic "race". Have you ever heard of someone being arrested for insulting Christianity?
Evergreen State College predicts nearly 20 percent drop in student enrollment
Local law enforcement: No ties between militia and school shooter
I AM PISSED! The claim that there's been 18 School Shootings in the US so far this year is a TOTAL FUCKING LIE! We need to call out everyone who claims this and hold them accountable!
My name was Senator Joseph McCarthy and for my attempt to make known a clear and present danger called Communism infiltrating our nation my name is now used to eliminate anyone ever claiming Communism is a clear and present danger
Simple Question to Democrats: "Why are our Schools and Kids not protected like the Capitol"?
You know what's actually unconstitutional? Blocking our President's constitutional powers.
SEC rejects sale of Chicago Stock Exchange to Chinese investors
ICE: Rounding up 'innocent' people? 90% of all arrests had criminal records and/or pending charges.
While waiting outside the emergency room at Broward Health North, Andrew Pollack holds up a photo of his daughter, Meadow Pollack. “Something is not right,” he said. “I keep looking at my phone. I don’t know where to go from here.” She was later announced deceased. Hang in there fellow patriot🙏🏻
The Genius Of GEOTUS' Food Stamp Proposal: You're Not Supposed To Like Being On Welfare
Political affiliation of every major mass shooting murderer.
“This threat came from a YouTube user named nicholascruz.” FBI: “Too vague.” “The DNC was hacked, download speeds suggest an inside j—“ FBI: “Russia did it”
HAS ANYONE ELSE NOTICED the new "resistance" media tactic? They're taking unsourced or poorly sourced stories that they know are unlikely to be true, and publishing them as front page "news". They will later publish a "correction", but only days after the damage is intentionally done.
MSM is pushing 4-Chan hoax about shooter being "white nationalist". Sad!
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland, Florida
Twin brothers arrested in NYC on explosives charges after authorities find bomb-making materials. Christian and Tyler Toro were arrested in a joint counter-terrorism operation involving the FBI and the NYPD.
The Media Falls for another Trap by 4Chan
Liberal admits they're killing children in the womb.
JUST FYI....THEY would have let Garland happen. THEY let Larry Nassar happen. THEY let Omar Mateen happen. Now THEY have let Florida happen. My money is on us eventually finding out THEY let Stephen Paddock happen as well. The FBI is a direct threat to this nation and it’s citizens!!
So sick of this shit. Tired of lurking and staying on the sidelines. These people are mental and we have to stand up to the lunacy!
