The Religion of the Democratic Party is Abortion and Brunch
Truths about every shooter:
Oprah Winfrey says "God hasn't told me to run for President yet". Silence so far from Joy Behar...
This Teacher Post on The School Shooting is Absolutely Perfect.
A based Kennedy but 57 years ago. Not quite the gun grabbing Democrat we see today.
HIS NAME WAS PETER WANG. 15 YEAR OLD DIED IN HIS JROTC UNIFORM HOLDING A DOOR OPEN FOR HIS CLASSMATES TO ESCAPE. A TRUE AMERICAN HERO.
Canadian here, just so we're clear: America's commitment to the 1st and 2nd Amendments is the last line of defense against the fall of Western Civilization.
Mitt Romney is no friend of our GEOTUS. Mitt is announcing his run for Senate today. I made this website to help Mitt fail. Please up-vote to spread the word. Thanks!
It's true!
Share with friends: For almost 100 years Americans had access to high powered guns, but only the last 20 years have mass school shootings been occurring. What changed? The last 20 years children with problems are put on drugs like Zynex and Adderall. Full post inside.
Texans: Please vote. We are the damn greatest ex-country inside the greatest county on earth. If we go down so does the Republic. VOTE. VOTE. VOTE. DON’T LET SOROS WIN. NO ONE MESSES WITH TEXAS.
The portrait we would all like to see
Huge Move for deep blue Maryland to be one of the first to propose a bill allowing teachers to have guns in school to protect the students.
Obama's portait was likely painted in China by "assistants" to artist Kehinde Wiley. Here is a detail crop of the work in progress.
15:17 To Paris could use more support. It's a really great MAGA movie and it only got halfway to its $30M budget. We can get Hollywood to make more of these movies if they would make money!
Defending vs Effectively Defending
Joy Behar in 2017: "I am being told by God to save this country." Joy Behar in 2018: Mike Pence is "mentally ill" because he heard from God. Which is it, @JoyVBehar?
Donald Trump FIRST POTUS to openly acknowledge the rampant mental health issues in the United States.
Isn’t it remarkable such a precise timeline was released for the Florida school shooting already yet all we know about the Vegas shooting is either misinformation or vague details...MONTHS LATER
Laura Ingraham just reported there are only 12 Nikolas Cuz's in the US - but FBI couldn't find him WTF CHRISTOPHER WRAY?
Lmfao
One of you fine pedes posted this earlier &amp; I seriously laughed until I had tears coming out of my eyes! Totally made my morning and been chuckling all day. Enjoy (credit to original poster wherever you are)
Come and get them! The Democrats are still determined to erase the 2nd Amendment in the face of all the patriots standing against them. We can never give up!
Random Superhero flick now a better movie than E.T., Casablanca, The Godfather, Psycho and others
Israeli school teacher protecting her precious flock. The best defense against an armed aggressor is a trained armed defender.
Planned, managed decline: parts of UKistan now giving 365 d/yr food handouts to kids. Charities asking for donations for africans, and you have millions of kids in the west already relying on DAILY FOOD HANDOUTS. Fuck marxism.
Got my point across to a "liberal" friend.
I use to always say that one too. Lol too funny.
LOL - LOL - LOL
Lemme guess, it's because the FBI is soooooo smart.
Just another Israeli teacher not worrying about school shootings
Those Children Sure Look Protected to Me!
Remember this Hero? Why take guns away from people like Stephen Willeford? Its non-negotiable.
Poll: Schumer’s approval rating at 19-year low
